# Sustainable Development Of Thermal Power Generation And Environmental Protection  

Duan Linlin

[Abstract]China's coal resources are abundant and it is the largest coal producer in the world. The country is also one of the few countries in the world that uses coal as its primary energy source. In China's power industry, the capacity of thermal power generators has remained at around 75% since 1990, it is very big. The energy-based energy grid with coal-fired power determined by the resource base of our country has exerted enormous pressure on the environment. From burning of fuel to burning electricity, every step of energy consumption has a serious impact on the environment. The use of coal still occupies a major position for a long time, so it should be taken measures to control pollution from coal combustion. According to the five aspects of the environmental impact of thermal power generation, we analyze and propose the following measures: improve coal utilization, focus on recycling, actively develop nuclear power, water power, solar energy, wind power and other renewable energies sources to reduce the fire power. We need to actively increase our efforts to further develop these renewable energies that can greatly save energy, reduce costs, and protect the environment. With the development of our country's industry and the improvement of the level of power technology, the environmental pollution caused by thermal power generation is serious, but as long as scientific management, strengthening technological innovation, grasping the development of new energy, and establishing a conservation concept, the problem of environmental pollution will gradually be alleviated. Achieve the sustainable development of the power industry.
